refactor!: rework remote config plugin (#4186)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: packages/firebase_remote_config/firebase_remote_config_platform_interface/README.md

# firebase_remote_config_platform_interface

A common platform interface for the [`firebase_remote_config`][1] plugin.

> This interface allows platform-specific implementations of the `cloud_functions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface allows platform-specific implementations of the `firebase_remote_config`
```
